What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A directory becomes a git repository and a .git subdirectory is created within the repository to hold the git meta data. You need to do it so that git is able to track different versions of files that you create and commit to the repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
The staging area contains the files that have been selected to be committed to the repository.  The working directory contains files that may potentially be committed to the repository at some point.  The may not be ready yet to be commited. The staging area gives you a chance to think about which files should logically be committed together while you collect them in one location. This is particularly helpful when you consider that some files within the working directory may be located within a subdirectory.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
You can run the git diff --staging command to check all of the currently staged changes before committing, to make sure they are all related to one logical change.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
If I want to try adding an enhancement or making something work differently and I want to see how people like it before making it a part of the main master branch of code, I can use a separate branch to try it out first. I can also use a branch to try a fix to a bug and test it out before making it part of the main branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
The diagrams visually show the point at which each branch was started, and therefore it is easy to see which changes were included in a particular branch and which weren't.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
When two branches are merged together, all the changes made in both branches from their last common commit are merged into the currently checked out branch as one merge commit that is added at the tip. Because the changes from different branches were merged, the merge commit has the previous tips of those branches as parents, so the merge commit points back to them in the diagram. The merge commit also becomes the new branch tip for the currently checked out branch that the changes were merged into. The merge commit also becomes the HEAD of the currently checked out branch, i.e., the merge commit becomes the currently checked out commit.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
On the plus side, Git's automatic merging quickly takes care of the easy, obvious merges, saving time that someone would need to spend carefully adding those changes to a file or files. Even when Git discovers a conflict, this is a good thing because it highlights the lines of code from different versions of a file that are conflicting.  The downside of automatic merging is always making the assumption that if lines of code have been changed or added, but not in the same area of a file, then it's okay to go ahead and include those changes. In actuality, it's possible that some merged changes from one version of a file or files, may cause changes from another version from another branch that is being merged to not work correctly or as intended. These logical conflicts can be found through testing after the merge.
